no one wanted it you can't call that in
the Golden Goal you give them that they
got to restart the top of the yard
that's not how you want this series to
end
fathers
6:33 a golden goal by definition
score by Millwood who's the man for
Baltimore we talked about nano how about
Michelle with Millwood he gets the
golden goal in Milwaukee
he gets the championship golden goal
here against Saint Louis
Michelle Millett has just made a name
for himself in the indoor game in the
2006 postseason great job here cutting
across perfect shot Phillips had the
angle down
what a moment for Baltimore out as they
wrap up an incredible season as champion
well the Baltimore blast said is st.
Louis going to start a dynasty here no
they're not we wanted no three we want
to know four we want to know six that
there's a dynasty it's us going